# Jyotish_EaswaraNadi
Eswara Nadi was said to be the work of one of the greatest Tamil Poet Agasthiyar. He was also known as ‘Kumbha Muni’ because he was said to have been created from a pitcher. While writing the Eswara Nadi, he made seven ‘Khandams’ or sections. They are named after the seven planets from the Sun to Saturn. There is no mention of any section for the planets Rahu and Ketu. However, in all these seven ‘Khandams,’ he considers the position of Rahu and Ketu also. Normally, Nadi texts do not think about the Lagna position. But Saptarishi Nadi and this treatise, Eswara Nadi, give predictions Lagna-wise. The entire work is written in the Tamil language. 
All nine planets are not taken into consideration by the Rishi while pronouncing the results. Only the karaka planet and its essential relationship with the planets responsible for the event are considered. Those who are aware of the Nadi rules of interpreting a horoscope will be able to understand this. The planets conjunct, the dispositor of the planet, the trinal occupants from the karaka planet or the karakatwa rasi, as also the 7th from them, and many more Nadi rules must be applied to understand the writings of the Rishi. Aspects play an important part in deciding about the results. The results are mostly in single lines or two lines.
There is no direct mention of the names of planets like the Sun, Moon, etc., in the entire narration. They are referred to either as per karakatwa, or ownership of the Bhava concerning the Lagna in question. While mentioning the Bhava, the karaka of the Bhava is also mentioned. Hence, it becomes necessary to give the details of the Karakatwa of the planets as well as the Bhava place and its Karakatwa.
I have also generated charts for all the verses.

I will be continuing with all the other Khandams slowly.

Your feedback will encourage me.
